**RegEx Read Me** 
In order to build a RegEx engine we must acknowledge that there are effectivly two major parts that need to be handled. First is parsing the RegEx string that the user inputs into a tree structure. Once the tree structure is in place we will need to "apply" our tree to the a string that the user has input, and see if the tree is a proper representation of the string. 

So far the only working part of this program is the second part, where the tree is used to "evaluate" the string that has been input by the user. in order to to this I have taken an object oriented appraoch where each operator is an object that has arguments, and one method _match_. The 6 operators those being _or_, _concat_, _literal_, _star_, _plus_, and _empty_. They are nested in such a way that each object will make assumptions about their arguments, assuming that they have match methods and call call those methods as need, this practice is known as polymorphism. Because each operator is an object however, there needs to be an intial match call on the resulting tree. Perhaps converting all the object to just be object might be an interesting way to refactor this code. 

When looking at the constructors for this program it is easier to think of each constructor as two functions. the first of which is the constructor that happens when the _new_ operator is called, which depending on the capability of the constructor can take one or two arguments(_re1_, _re2_) The last property of the constructor is actually a method, this being the second function in each constuctor. The match method will take a string, but because of coping will also have access to arguments of the constructor. Now these are referred to with the _this_ operator inside the _match_ function of each object, however this is not necessary because the constructor actually acts as a closure around these variables. Having said that it makes it slightly easier to read if they are refered to with the _this_ operator.

The second step, but what is actually the first is parsing user input and building the tree that will ultimately run the program. The inherent problem here its that RegEx uses both postfix and infix notation match operators to their arguments so I will need a way of detecting which type of notion the current operator calls for. The solution to this seems to come in the way what is called Recursive Decent. 